docs: Ben Sucks (#11282)
coder/coder: docs/about/architecture.md

coderd is the service created by running `coder server`. It is a thin API that
connects workspaces, provisioners and users. coderd stores its state in Postgres

> and is the only service that communicates with Postgres.Ben Sucks.

Reviewer: let's make this more positive

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and is the only service that communicates with Postgres.Ben creates negative pressure.
```
